Hello to all known screen
detail of the inhabitants of the tank is often very
car owners are afraid of what they see in
expansion tank
foam and now we look at why this
foam forms a small overview
coolant
this is antifreeze concentrated
yellow german phosphorus is lukoil i
for some reason it has become a rarity in our city rarely
you will see the sale is well known
Felix regulars of our stores antifreeze
Gostovsky also centek is included in our
the market here is novelty antifreeze films and
Gray is a very beautiful product like not
here are 7 famous dj antifreeze so here
for production
any coolant will antifreeze
be it antifreeze applies the greatest
additive package
this additive is somehow an additive package it
hiding the manufacturer completely then
have their low act leaves indicated
approximate amount of additives these
names you we define those too
additives that we know by noticed
what happens is a different color cooling
fluid and blue-green red happens
yellow green happens here too
so this is one of the first additives
to determine which digit is worth you
2 additives are very important
valid additive to not to
rhodium metal
this is copper for example a cooling radiator
it is heating + cast iron blocks and
aluminum and each manufacturer
engines let's say everyone needs
please therefore the amount of additives in
antifreeze and antifreeze is very large for
identified to be two important additives
it is a color additive that determines
color and ati are valid and most important
additive is anti foam additive here
it is she who shows in the barrel what
the presence of foam that this additive ceases
work as you know what we have for
for the cooling system to work
here's the famous water pump detail so
here it is fiber it can not foam
pump it bills only liquid
there are very different compositions for poor
fiber adoption pumps
that is, they are prophetic in cars
practically not used
here it is an additive there is an anti foam here
she is very few lives why not enough
because the engine is constantly either
cold or hot spikes
temperatures so every manufacturer
car in technical cod writes
that here after 50,000 kilometer for example
or visiting 2-3 years putting off liquid
need to change because it is sharp
changes its properties the worst here
I thought answered our question why
foam appears in these barrels now
let's see clearly how antipin works
here look
shake well, for example, these foam appeared
can not quite see but it can be seen
there is less foam in the cooling
fluids the better product here is highgear
seemingly good product but also on
Kremlin there are so many he can see
foam have it bad for cooling
inexpensive liquid that was almost no waiting
that is, the anti foam additive works
good in Russia practically not
produced additives for cooling
liquids are mostly foreign
representatives are represented in the market well
Well, I think I answered your question.
Why does foam appear in barrels
all until we meet again